docs: add dev-environment context to contributor guide (closes #580) (#1630)
geojupyter/jupytergis: docs/contributor_guide/development_setup.md

# Development setup

:::{hint} Do I need a development environment?

> :class: dropdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{admonition} Do I need a development environment?
:class: hint, dropdown
```

You only need to set up a development environment if you plan to **change
JupyterGIS itself** — fixing a bug, adding a feature, or editing these docs
locally. If you just want to _use_ JupyterGIS, you can skip everything below

> and install the released package by following the {doc}`../getting_started/index`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and install the released package by following the {doc}`user install instructions </user_guide/install>`.
```

### Create a virtual environment

:::{hint} What is a virtual environment, and why use one?

> :class: dropdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{admonition} What is a virtual environment, and why use one?
:class: hint, dropdown
```

A virtual environment is an isolated space for this project's dependencies, so
the versions JupyterGIS needs (Python, Node.js, QGIS) don't clash with other

> projects on your machine — and vice versa. The Micromamba option below sets one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
projects on your machine — and vice versa. The instructions below set one
```
